All right.
Welcome back.
You stood and so in the last lecture we get an error on the page.
I got an error.
I don't know if you did just because I wanted to create a little bit of Kasmir station here for you
or to say overload but in reality we just making our life a little harder there.
We could however do it.
But actually if we take all this out here OK we take all this out and then we can do this like this
.
And we do this.
OK.
And then we give it and whatever the man media overload.
All right.
And then we could give it a function and just like we did in the beginning.
OK.
Send stuff.
We could do that.
But I'm not going to do that.
All right what I want to do is just simplify this stuff would do me.
You wouldn't need to make it complicated.
If you guys want to know how to do this you're ready.
I mean to give it a different name route.
I'm already showing you how to do it all you have to do is just create a function.
All right.
And like we did in the beginning of the course.
And that's it.
But we're complicating ourselves too much here for this.
Let's just leave it that way it is.
Why change it.
Right.
Unless you want to you or I to say overload.
That's a different story.
I don't really care about that.
I just care about the functionality right.
So let's go there lay out our admin and let's change this to say create.
All right.
Now we go back to it.
Let's go back to controllers media controller and let's create they create method that sounds really
nice right.
This create the Create myth and now we've just returned the view
men that
Wolf went blank.
Therefore many guys create lets make sure that we have that create somewhere.
OK.
Resources views make sure that you have your media file out here.
I don't know if I already discussed that here but I read it I had it out here and my routes were working
.
So make sure it is in say admin right.
I don't know if I went over the video where I changed that I think I did.
All right so since I admin and its called Media remember that we have etting routes that way.
All right let's just create to create Man-Thing.
I mean the page is just added there.
Thats OK.
Even though this is going to be different friend actually we don't need this
array.
Let's check in now of course this is going to be create that way.
Beautiful.
All right cool.
All right.
Now we have to work on that and functionality to all the files here.
All right so we do that in the next lecture.
Take care.